chore: @topsort/sdk 0.3.0 (#46)
Topsort/topsort.js: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).
We follow the format used by [Open Telemetry](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md).

## Version 0.3.0 (2024-08-13)

- Add implementation for TopsortClient ([#43](https://github.com/Topsort/topsort.js/pull/43))

As part of new implementation, now a client is initialized receiving a config as `const topsortClient = new TopsortClient(config)`

> And all the functions will be found within the client, as `topsortClient.createAuction(auction)` or `topsortClient.reportEvent(event)`

Reviewer: Can you add a migration guide please? 

#### Before
```
code
```

#### After
```
code
```

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).
We follow the format used by [Open Telemetry](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md).

## Version 0.3.0 (2024-08-13)

- Add implementation for TopsortClient ([#43](https://github.com/Topsort/topsort.js/pull/43))

> As part of the new implementation, a Topsort Client that embeds all functions is now initialized by receiving a config. Additionally, some type names have been renamed:
> - _TopsortAuction_ > **Auction**
> - _TopsortEvents_ > **Event**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of the new implementation, a Topsort Client that embeds all functions is now initialized by receiving a config. Also, some types have been simplified:
- _TopsortAuction_ > **Auction**
- _TopsortEvents_ > **Event**
```
